[Music]
welcome to slash forward the channel
will be provide summarization and
commentary and all your favorite popular
and obscure horror movies in this video
we're gonna run through a brief synopsis
at the 2014 film house pound based in
New Zealand and produced on a low budget
this movie manages to put a semi modern
spin on the classic ghost infestation
storyline the story unfolds at the main
character's childhood home which appears
to have only caught up technologically
to 1997 providing the film with copious
amounts of nostalgia and charm as you'll
soon see the movie starts with Kylie and
a friend rolling into an empty parking
lot at night we quickly learned they're
here for some dark business hopping out
quickly equipped with heavy tools as
they approach an ATM we get a cool shot
from the security camera giving us the
feeling that we're about to watch an
instant karma compilation which is
confirmed when the guy hammers away at
the ATM with questionable form
undeterred Kylie without bothering to
move the body to the car first lights an
explosive and blows the ATM wide open
she grabs the loot and hauls it and her
partner back to the car wasting precious
minutes as the alarm sounds we get a
fast and furious style series of quick
edits as she revs up to take off but
then retreated to a fast and furious in
real-life outcome when her ricer gets
hung up on a speed bump seriously you
should see how it sticks to the road and
hairpin as the following scenes unfold
we hear about substance abuse issues and
discover she's been through several
treatment programs already they still
consider her a candidate for
rehabilitation but feel she would have
the better chance of success in a stable
environment so they sentence her to
eight months of house arrest now house
bound she's brought to the estate by her
overseer Amos as she prepares herself
for what's to come they get rear-ended
by her absent-minded mother I think that
there's more damage to mind though than
the rest heals she learns the rules of
the anklet they test the range and then
she finds herself at an awkward family
reunion monitize iPhones no flash in
that not really see that Graham Connie's
got one of those iPhones it's not an
iPhone we learned that Graham isn't much
of a conversationalist I was just
assigned to Conoco him the way he Mary
Gill who kept calling Arad time she's
very nice but Miriam is desperate to
speak if a no one engages she fills the
void with mindless chatter brief
establishing shots show a staring
contest
creepy neighbor and that kylie's prepaid
phone has run out of minutes that
evening Miriam still talking calls into
a radio show discussing paranormal
activity and tells the host about
disturbances she's experienced but every
hair on my body was standing upright and
I turned around and I saw this thing
disappear Kylee overhears her mom's
creepypasta account of a basement
encounter when Kylie mocks her for this
Miriam points out that Kylie used to
complain if experiences as well she just
doesn't remember them in the same way
before bed Kylie demonstrates the
overwhelming power that kegels can grant
to once pelvic floor as she stops to
start urinating in an attempt to better
make out an odd know is she years the
next morning Kylie boots up the old
family computer which winds itself up
like a turbine and spits out some
classic dial-up modem noises before
exploding from the stress of normal
operation with nothing better to do
Kylie ventures into the basement to look
for something interesting but only finds
some books with sunshine growth stamps
in them still bored she takes the
steering out the window and sees her
caseworker standing awkwardly in the
drive staring back at her as he begins
to therapy her we discovered that part
of her emotional state as a result of
her father walking out on them and
starting a new family elsewhere later on
Miriam comes home with what appears to
be the week's dinner in the form of a 30
pound sack of potatoes she finds the
house in a mess Kylie lazily lying about
and the evening's meatloaf eaten what a
brat Kylie falls asleep in front of the
TV a brief interruption of the light
patterns causes her disturb she fully
wakes when she hears the computer loudly
chugging away it appears to now be
functional in whatever since that word
applies here confused but not willing to
risk a brownout she powers it down she
goes to bed but is disturbed by some odd
baby movies
followed by her phone calls she goes off
in pursuit of the noise and finds
herself in the basement in an
unfortunate series of events the lights
go out she's attacked by Jesus her
anklet goes off in a handcraft room she
brings her mom downstairs but she's not
having it then they both hear a noise
they go to investigate finding evidence
that someone's in the house
Kylie gets a jump on the intruder
beating him about the head and neck with
a family heirloom she's about to go for
the kill shot but his robbed of this
forbidden pleasure when we discovered
that it's Amos coming to check on the
ankle signal we find out that he lives
in the neighborhood allowing quick
responses such as this apparently
promoted to Detective Amos begins to
examine the house for evidence of the
intruder the ladies eventually come
clean confirming that they actually
believed they were victims of a
supernatural disturbance
luckily Amos is both a detective and an
aficionado of the paranormal he whips
out his recorder gives Kiley the finger
and asks several questions of the
vengeful spirit they don't initially
hear anything but a misplays it back the
scene unfolds with tense expectation
[Music]
but leads nowhere
don't worry yeah of course with the
readers loggers and transmogrifier is
all in place
Amos shares his strategy for verifying
and managing those problem while Kiley
shares hers I'm gonna smash it in the
face that night Kylie's distracted by
the sound of odd voices in her room she
rolls over to find a possessed New
Zealand version of Teddy Ruxpin talking
that Devils talk and seemingly taunting
Kylie she responds in a way that calls
into question how the child's play
series lasts more than five minutes
while there are perfectly reasonable
explanations for this event there are
less so for this the sole member of the
New Zealand paranormal CSI unit checks
the scene apparently looking for a pupil
dilation he confirms he didn't see
anything on the video but also says that
it's hard to review hours and hours of
footage this leads to a role reversal as
Kylie is now convinced that something
supernatural is afoot while Amos is
convinced she's alleviating her boredom
by messing with him later
Kylie attempts to relax in her room but
is disturbed by a creaky door she
reasonably manages the situation only to
be taunted by a smaller creaky door
leading to a crawl space in her closet
it's filled with knickknacks including a
box of childhood memories she briefly
channels Fossey as she takes a drag off
her cigarette and proceeds to twirl
herself into a jump-scare
Graham needs someone to hold half the
heirloom that she previously broke while
the glue sets not a huge deal how long
could it take
bawls Graham takes this opportunity to
open up to Kylie as a discomfort mounts
Kylie tries to change the subject the
end result of Graham's unsuccessful
negotiation of this conversation has him
accidentally revealing that the house
was not previously a bed-and-breakfast
as Miriam had claimed in response to
this Kylie does a more thorough review
of the contents of the basement most of
which was left behind by the prior owner
and discovers that sunshine Grove was a
halfway house for troubled youths one of
whom had been brutally murdered in the
home she confronts Miriam about raising
her in a house where someone was
murdered
but Marian responds with indignation
when you stop working and you have to
pay bills of your own we'll see how
quick you out of snap you noise in the
bargain as Kylie continues her research
she discovers the girl in question was
beaten stabbed repeatedly and bitten
feeling it's safe to assume that this is
a spirit occupying the house amos turns
this into a scooby-doo adventure no we
know with murder
Kylie however is not convinced she
attempts to find a way out of the house
unfortunately the odds of a transfer are
minimal unless of course she poses an
immediate danger to herself or others
she demonstrates her inherent danger by
smacking her snack tray mangling the
wire drying rack no one buys it though
so she storms off as the discussion
continues without her the lights go out
miriam goes off into the darkness to
test the breakers as she works on it we
get a quick flash of a disturbing ghost
standing behind Dennis creepy for sure
but fairly standard in terms of ghosts
okay that helps the police come and we
surmise least suspect Kylie they tried
to sort out the details mister mccrane
de was attacked by a vengeful ghost but
they don't get far Kylie's had it she
takes off no regard for the authority of
the magistrate amos rolls up and appeals
to her sense of empathy by reminding her
the ghost is just a girl who needs help
and convinces her to try connecting with
the spirit and just listen now more
centered and connected with her third
eye Kylie returns to the basement to see
what the spirit world has to confine I
know he's travels through the house
above her and settles in the
non-functional furnace she reaches in
retrieves a nasty old dental plate it's
hairy then her phone goes off again so
she heads upstairs in pursuit as she
hears more noises she connects the
presence of the partials in the furnace
to the vent in her room and checks it
out she finds a memory box with some
contraband and old jewelry Kylie reviews
these new developments with Amos her
working hypothesis is that the girl was
stealing from the neighbors one of them
Carter confronted her absolutely lost
his [ __ ] and murdered her in the
confusion of the biting and stabbing the
dental plate was lost in the jewelry was
forgotten her first suspect is the
skanky neighbor who's known for violent
outbursts and strange smells coming off
of his property Amos isn't so sure
feeling they need stronger evidence
before they up bingo this escalates
quickly as Kylie convinces Amos to break
into his house during the day while he's
sleeping Kylie makes her way in after
lucking out and uncovering the spare key
resting between two coolers she enters
the home and discovers that he lives as
we would expect like no one else
Rodie not fighting him in bed she goes
to poke around and find some in repose
on his recliner she goes for it really
digging in there trusting that he's
blackout level napping the plate pops
out into the refuse filling the room and
she has no choice but to run as they
flee Amos gets stuck in a [ __ ] trap so
Kylie covers him and continues on seeing
the neighbor lumber by with a rifle he
calls Kylie at home to warn her she
heads for the basement grabs some shears
and hides in the closet
she hears footsteps approaching the door
readies herself and when the door opens
she stabs grant things may look bad but
she's got this under control
or not Miriam keeps a vigil at the
hospital so Kylie pulls herself together
and cleans up at home Amos however is
still intent on collecting evidence it
goes back to the plate while taking
pictures of old newspapers reporting on
the murder we see he has a surprise
visitor Amos is confronted as he leaves
and we find out cracklins is actually a
pretty chill guy he's feeling talkative
so he lets Amos know who he favors as a
murder suspect he explains that he was
took in a young lady and her son to live
with him for a while the child was
unusual didn't talk kept to himself like
to make things out of other things and
preferred tight spaces when cracklins
had to discipline him for taking apart
and reassembling an animal he ran off
this was about a year before the murder
which is a long time but he doesn't
think it likely that Eugene went very
far and emphasizes this point for Amos
by showing him his old room cozy Amos
calls Kylie to discuss this new info but
she's busy putting away the vacuum in
the process she manages to knock out the
back of the closet revealing a passage
to the interior of the house while
thinking of his next steps timmy rook
Spann comes back to life and gives Amos
instructions on how to record on this
tape the light bulb goes off and Amos
hears young Kylie playing with an
imaginary friend who then speaks this is
interspersed with scenes of Kylie
progressing through the interior of the
house arriving at Eugene's hovel and
finding a bear they don't kick things
off in a positive foot and Kylie
scratches and claws her way through the
walls until she sees an opening it takes
it causing her to burst through the
pantry and into the kitchen she dips the
Freak out of there
hot-wiring a car and speeding to the
police department she gives a breathless
account of what happened to the officer
who doesn't seem to take it seriously
okay put that [ __ ] cleaner
the rest of the blue what do you say hey
respect the badge he two finger pecks
his way through that report as Amos
utilizing the tracker races to meet her
he charges into the station to
corroborate her story meanwhile Miriam
shows up at the house she finds the vest
but the holes have been covered over she
picks up the rest when the police
finally show up everything appears to be
in order
Kylee does her best to show them when
she can't she tries to convince him it
was me ghost the noises the power those
stolen photo with him this does provide
a complete explanation of all the
unusual occurrences unfortunately for
her they find the weed so now they know
she's a terrible person and a likely
liar Denis shows up looking extra oily
ready to dole out therapeutic
suggestions Denis pushes hard at the
crazy two are trying to explain
everything that's happened in terms of
the mental disorder fed up Kylee takes
one last go at convincing everyone by
running into the kitchen and ripping out
the drywall but the gambit doesn't pay
off Eugene is too good at covering his
tracks
needing a way to explain all of these
occurrences along with the voice on the
tape
Denis diagnoses dissociative personality
disorder the group starts a discussion
about having Kylee committed to an
institution to keep her supervised and
consistently medicated as they attempt
to broach the topic with her dentist
bites hard on a tasty treat and almost
cracks his tooth in the process and in
defiance of property time decorum he
removes his partial revealing that he
too has a dental plate that dirty freak
Kylee feigns cooperation to lower their
guard and gets her mom to join her in
the hallway
she tells her what she suspects and
enlists her help to keep men occupied so
she has time to look for evidence miriam
immediately dives into a conversation of
maximum inanity not you wouldn't make
nice the thing about buffets is all the
young kids I mean sure it's a great
place to throw birthday parties but I
wouldn't want your six-year-olds fist
and my creme brulee thanks for much as
she does this Kylee finds an early
incident report for sunshine Grove that
shows Dennis was there as a student he
was pummeled on his first day by a
fifteen year old girl downstairs Mary
and pushes Dennis to the limits of his
facade Miriam Miriam charged with the
task of keeping them both in the living
room ends up downstairs with Kylie she
contends that she had to let Dennis
leave to use the bathroom when they
returned the officers gone and the
bathroom is empty
the ladies go upstairs where they find
Dennis leaving the bathroom sweaty and
flushed he claims he was upstairs to be
discreet while they try to play it cool
both sides of the conversation since the
others lying fed up Kylee hits with the
fact
first day on the job you get the [ __ ]
kicked out of you by a fifteen year old
girl that kind of been fun they have a
brief scuffle involving cheese graters
and laundry baskets and the ladies end
up in the bathroom with the dead officer
they do their best to commandeer a
weapon or send a signal but end up
getting either thanks to Eugene but not
completely unscathed they get to a safe
place and then Amos shows up Denis
claims that Eugene is the killer to
elicit his help but then knocks him out
at the first opportunity as Denis tries
to find his way into the walls the rest
of them find themselves in the Eugene's
lair Kylie's phone has been Eugene eyes
so now it just turns on the microwave
they look through some artwork that
shows Eugene has been part of the family
the whole time having been present for
all of their major life milestones in a
bid to help he shows them his prime
hiding spot but it doesn't work Denis
busts through the wall like the kool-aid
man but his immediately chamberpot
advice yeah that sounds about right they
have a brief pursuit on the roof that
ends with Denis falling onto the patio
furniture below but that's not the end
of it he shows up again right when they
think it's over as Denis goes to work
Eugene tags in with a nice stabbing in
German Kiley obliges in for extends big
time by way the chin it turns out that
the fork has been Eugene eyes as well
usually hits the fuses flips a switch
and pops Dennis's head like a soggy
balloon
seven months later Kylie's completed her
rehab graeme is on the mend and everyone
appears to be getting along well we even
get indication that Eugene has been
formally integrated into the family I
can't just turn off by it's a few
minutes of press I don't know it doesn't
increase anything it shouldn't be it's
been on the charger all night and with
that we conclude housebound an
incredibly well made charming ghost
story with a twist it doesn't rely
solely on the twist it's more like a
diversion for the plot it comes early it
fits all the details and it doesn't feel
cheap or gimmicky you should give it a
try when you get a chance I hope you
enjoyed this summary thank you for
watching
[Music]